This slash was swift and fierce, almost as if he had practiced it countless times.
Lu Sheng’s body executed it instinctively.
He saw a black shadow behind him, a black shadow pouncing towards him, struck by the saber in a flash.
The blade rebounded with a tough and hard sensation. Borrowing the huge impact force, the long-hilted saber swept the pouncing black shadow away.
The black shadow crashed onto the ground, rolled a few times and whimpered. Under the torchlight, it turned out to be a wild wolf! A huge gash was cut open on its waist.
Before he could think further, Lu Sheng saw two other wild wolves pouncing from both sides under the cover of darkness.
His body reacted instinctively, one step ahead of his mind.
He lifted the long-hilted saber to the left, blocking one wild wolf with the hilt, then turned and swung the hilt, hitting the other wild wolf.
These two forceful moves caused his strength to wane.
After all, he was just a thin and weak young master of a rich family not long ago.
Both wild wolves were sent flying from the impact.
Panting heavily, Lu Sheng’s eyes turned red. Lifting the saber, he executed Tiger Kill on the nearer wild wolf.
The saber blade moved from top to bottom, slightly tilted. His wrist vibrated violently, shaking three times according to the frequency described in the mantra.
A faint sound of a tiger’s roar seemingly reverberated in the wind.
Startled, the two wild wolves trembled. Their movements slowed down by a beat.
Immediately, the long-hilted saber flashed. One of the wild wolves’ head was severed on the spot.
The tip of the saber grazed the neck of the other wild wolf, and blood quickly oozed out.
Lu Sheng mustered his strength and struck again. This time, it was Tiger Might.
His forearm vibrated four times, generating four different types of force, combining the strength of his entire body and focusing it onto the saber.
Tiger Might emphasized speed. Its power was slightly weaker than Tiger Kill, but it was still not something that a wild wolf's fragile neck could withstand.
Before the wild wolf could dodge, the long-hilted saber, its speed having suddenly exploded, struck its neck fiercely.
"Puchi!"
The wolf’s head fell to the ground.
Lu Sheng panted heavily.
This continuous series of large movements caused beads of perspiration to appear on his face.
"Howl…"
There was still one wild wolf left, the one that had snatched the meat earlier.
It now circled around the rock, its green eyes staring fiercely at Lu Sheng.
"Still too weak physically…"
Lu Sheng grew a little anxious.
But he did not let it show on his face. He knew that, when facing a wild beast, one must absolutely not retreat or show fear.
"Hmm!?"
His eyes widened, staring intensely at the wild wolf.
The last wild wolf stared back at him intently for a moment, then slowly retreated.
Only when the wild wolf had completely retreated into the darkness did Lu Sheng finally heave a sigh of relief.
His physical strength was almost completely exhausted. Both his arms were sore and weak; even holding the saber caused them to tremble.
If that wild wolf had really pounced on him, although he was confident that he would survive, he would definitely have been injured.
After confirming that the wild wolf had completely left, Lu Sheng pulled the torch out and hurried back towards Nine Links City.
This trip had made him aware of his own limitations.
Regarding the wild wolves outside the city, Uncle Zhao had once talked about his glorious past.
In his younger days, after he had achieved mastery in his saber technique, he had once single-handedly faced the siege of three wild wolves. Paying the price of minor injuries on his forearms, he had slain all three.
That was already a remarkable feat.
Here, in this world, the wild wolves were different from the ones Lu Sheng knew.
They were bigger in size, each one much larger and stronger than the wild wolves on Earth.
They were almost as big as large, domesticated Golden Retrievers.
Another difference between the wild wolves here and those on Earth was that they moved in groups of threes or fives, rarely in large packs.
Lu Sheng jogged all the way back to the city gate.
When he saw the torchlight on the city wall, he heaved a slight sigh of relief.
He rolled up his clothes, hiding the bloodstains, and then concealed the long-hilted saber. Taking out his travel permit, he walked towards the city gate in big strides.

***

“Big Brother Sheng, Big Brother Sheng, listen to me. This item is not ordinary stuff. As soon as it arrived in Zi Hua City, I had someone bring it back from there.
It is said that in the Central Plains, this is known as the Number One Strange Stone. Countless rich merchants and nobles competed to purchase it, but in an accident, it fell into a river and was washed away by the waves to Zi Hua River. Then, a fisherman from Zi Hua city fished it up.
The twists and turns of the story are too many to recount, if it weren't for…”
“Do I look like a fool?” Lu Sheng lightly shook his folding fan, a faint smile on his face as he looked at the fatty before him.
This fatty was called Zheng Xiangui, the second son of the owner of the Ming Gui Auction House in Nine Links City.
He was also Lu Sheng’s close friend from the past.
Lu Sheng and he had grown up together, sharing the same tastes and interests. They went through thick and thin together, their relationship as close as brothers.
But Zheng Xiangui had one major flaw: his greed.
As he himself put it, even brothers should settle accounts clearly, otherwise it would eventually hurt their relationship.
The two were sitting in the Peony Room of the Goldfish Restaurant. Zheng Xiangui had a slender girl in a pink dress in his arms.
This kid was now staring at Lu Sheng with an anguished expression.
"Big Brother Sheng, this is where you’re wrong. Your brother I finally obtained a rare treasure, giving you an internal preferential bidding opportunity, and not only did you not cherish it, but you even mocked me!" The fatty pointed at Lu Sheng, looking heartbroken and in despair.
“Alright, alright, cut the act. Do you have any news about the martial arts manuals I’m looking for?” Lu Sheng continued asking.
The reason he sought out his childhood friend was to collect more martial arts manuals.
One Black Tiger Saber Technique was not enough. Far from enough.
He now understood the survival odds of experts like Uncle Zhao in the wilderness.
No wonder he had never heard of anyone travelling long distances alone. In this vast wilderness, wild beasts were plentiful. Setting off all alone was simply suicidal.
Uncle Zhao aka Zhao Dahu’s reputation in Nine Links City was illustrious. But even he could only single-handedly deal with three wild wolves. His limit might be four. If there were more, even the so-called top experts of Nine Links City would have to kneel.
“Martial arts manuals, real or fake is hard to say. Not to mention, there are many hidden traps within them. Even if they are real, some of the training methods, if you make even a slight mistake, can leave you permanently disabled. Big Brother Sheng, what do you want this for? Without a master’s guidance, these manuals aren’t of much use,” Zheng Xiangui rubbed the white jade ring on his finger and asked curiously.
“You understand things indeed,” Lu Sheng smiled. “I naturally have my uses. Don’t worry about it, just find me a few to have a look at.”
Zheng Xiangui’s neck twitched.
“I do have some. Recently, a new client consigned two martial arts manuals. We’ve had experts appraise them; they should be genuine. It’s just that, without a master, nobody dares to practice them.”
“What’s the asking price?” Lu Sheng asked directly.
"Aiya, aiya, Big Brother Sheng, who are we kidding? Why are you being so polite?" Zheng Xiangui giggled.
"Can you stop being disgusting?" Lu Sheng was speechless. "Just name a price, quickly, I'm in a hurry."
"I can only sell you one. The other has already been reserved by another distinguished guest,” Zheng Xiangui smiled.
"One is fine. Did you bring it?" Lu Sheng raised his eyes and asked.
"As expected of Big Brother Sheng, you know me so well. Thinking you’d be in a hurry, I brought it directly," Zheng Xiangui retrieved a thin, grey cloth booklet from his person. "This manual doesn’t have any moves, just a special force technique. One price, one hundred taels!"
"Let me have a look first,” Lu Sheng extended his hand.
One hundred taels was equivalent to one hundred thousand yuan. This fatty really dared to name a price.
The fatty chuckled twice and placed the booklet in his hand.
Taking the manual, Lu Sheng flipped through it carefully.
This manual seemed to be a small part torn off from a larger book. It just happened to contain only some content on guiding force.
According to the records within, the force cultivated from this was called Jade Breaking Force.
It was said that, upon achieving mastery, one could accumulate force throughout the body right from the beginning of a strike. When the accumulation was complete, it could be unleashed suddenly, greatly increasing the speed and power of the strike.
Lu Sheng looked at it. The technique didn’t seem to overlap with the Black Tiger Saber Mantra. It should be possible to use them together.
But this wasn’t what he wanted.
He wanted internal Qi cultivation manuals, the kind that could strengthen his physique, Qi and spirit.
From his miserable state after modifying once with the Modifier, he concluded that, in order to reduce the side effects of the modification, he had to improve his physique.
“Do you have any of those legendary internal Qi cultivation manuals?”
"Internal Qi cultivation manuals?" Zheng Xiangui rubbed his chin. "Big Brother Sheng, you've stumped me. If there really were such things on the market, regardless of whether they are real or fake, they'd be snatched up in the blink of an eye."
“You also said that it's hard to distinguish real from fake, so your family’s inventory should have some copies, right?” Lu Sheng was also a discerning person. For auction houses like this, when auctioning items like manuals, they would first make a copy and keep it as a record.
The Zheng Family had been running an auction house for so many years, their accumulated collection was definitely not small.
"Those… Big Brother Sheng, even I can’t necessarily tell if there are any real ones. If there’s even one real one out of a hundred, that’s already considered not bad. So far, nobody has managed to cultivate Qi from them. Are you sure you want them?" Zheng Xiangui hesitated.
"Brother, let me give you a piece of advice, don't mess with those copies. If something goes wrong, and your body is damaged, there's no way to fix it."
"Do you have a way to find them?"
Lu Sheng raised his eyebrows. He was familiar with the fatty’s expression. Whenever he showed this expression, it meant that he had a solution in mind, but he was hesitant about whether he should say it or not.
“I do have a way… Big Brother Sheng, the kind of manual you want, there actually is one in this auction…” Zheng Xiangui's face showed a trace of difficulty.
"Why didn't you say so earlier?" Lu Sheng raised his eyebrows.
“It's not that your brother I didn't want to say, but this item is to be auctioned at the Black Market…” Zheng Xiangui said helplessly.
"Black Market?"
Lu Sheng immediately understood.
The Black Market was an anonymous auction. All customers did not reveal their faces or names. Most of the items auctioned were shady, some even stained with blood.
Those who liked to participate in the Black Market were mostly outlaws and vicious individuals.
“Can you arrange for me to participate?”
Lu Sheng had made up his mind to attend.
As for ordinary thugs, nobody dared to provoke the Lu Manor.
The Lu family alone had thirty to forty strong servants, and among their guards, there were several experts like Uncle Zhao.
Master Lu Quanan also had intricate connections with the government yamen, and could even call upon the army for help if something happened.
Such a large and influential family was truly not afraid of ordinary thugs.
